Add Terraform Cloud integration docs (#30102)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/cloud/index.html.md

---
layout: "docs"
page_title: "Using Terraform Cloud - Terraform CLI"
---

> # Using Terraform Cloud with Terraform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using Terraform Cloud with Terraform CLI
```

> The Terraform Cloud CLI Integration allows you to use Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise on the command line. In the documentation Terraform Cloud instructions also apply to Terraform Enterprise, except where explicitly stated.

Reviewer: This seems weird, so I moved the Enterprise version info into the below note instead.

> The Terraform Cloud CLI Integration allows you to use Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise on the command line. In the documentation Terraform Cloud instructions also apply to Terraform Enterprise, except where explicitly stated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Terraform CLI's integration with Terraform Cloud lets you to use Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise on the command line. In the documentation Terraform Cloud instructions also apply to Terraform Enterprise, except where explicitly stated.
```
